Free Font Family - Honeycomb Round and Honeycomb Sharp 

Important Note: 
I do have to mention that Fontself does not provide alternates for glyphs yet and so for the time being, I used other glyphs that aren’t always used under the option + “ “ and option + shift + “ “ for my alternates. So just letting you know, it was intentionally on purpose and not a mistake. I made a separate option (marked swash) for others that don’t have illustrator and made a glyph shortcut command chart. Also, I apologize about some of the kerning issues as well. I did the best I could since that particular feature won’t be added until sometime in the near future.  

For Personal and Commercial Projects:
You have permission to use these files however you see fit for projects.

Restrictions:
Please check out the license provided in the download.
Please do not pass, resell, redistribute these files as a third party owner to others. If you do wish to promote these files (highly appreciate if you would credit me), please link back to the resource page on behance where others can download the original.

Background Info:
2012 & 2016 | BFA Project / Self-Project: Honeycomb Round and Honeycomb Sharp is a font family derived from nature's splendor and based off of organic and geometric wonders of the honeycomb. 

Process: 
When I first started this project in the Spring of 2012, I wanted to challenge myself to expand outside of my comfort zone and into unknown territories of creating a typeface. As a challenge, I also wanted to help grow a better understanding and gain confidence that I am capable of completing new skills when the opportunity does arise as a Graphic Designer.

Now that 2016 has come and it has been 4 years since I last touched my project, I was determined to finalize my font creation and put it out there to share with others. To make it happen, I found a new font program that is friendly to Illustrator as an add on (and affordable) called Fontself (still in beta-testing and continuing updating improvements this year) and to use photography and product set up to promote. 
 
Materials: 
I mocked it up to promote Honeycomb by using honeycomb, honey, jars in the hexagon shape, a honey dripper, flowers, and bees.

Side Note: Bees were not harm in the making of this project. I found them peacefully under one of my bushes.

Thank You and Enjoy!

